SearchForm

   x Search input
        x Value remains. 
        x Category suggestions which will set the category filter.
        x (SEARCH ONLY) Search value suggestions instead of product suggestions.
        x Brand suggestions. 
        x Your own search value. To search for it, click the search button.
    x Location input    
        x Clicking on a city/county automatically calls filteredSearch.
    x (SEARCH ONLY) Distance input   
        x Setting it automatically calls filteredSearch.

Filters

    x Category
    x Brand
    x Price range
    x Sort by (price, date uploaded)

Results

    - Priority: 
        - Location  (10000 points for each right match )> rating(1000 points) > promoted (100 points)

    - Location priotiy:
        nf = if previous not found, then...
        - If location input, city > county > nf neighboring counties > nf no location (with warning)
        - If location input and distance input: city > county > everything else within the distance
        - If just distance input: if your ip is within Romania, use that as the center and go outwards. Else no location (with warning)

TODO

    x On categories you remove - and _, on brands just _, capitalize both
    x url Category -> Categorie
    x url Brand -> Firma
    x url Location -> Locatie
    x Replace all _ - * where needed
    x search input value remains
    x if search identical to category, remove search
    x (That's fine) Form open new tab doesnt save variable D:
    x Suggestions: category > brand > product/keyword 
        x For product suggestions, make a long string out of title, brand, description, category.
            The more keywords are found in the giant string, the higher the suggestion. Also add its category to categorySuggestions and brand to brand suggestions
        x For category, brand suggestions, the same thing, except you're only searching the category title. 
        x For keyword suggestions (SEARCH ONLY, instead of product), the params that led to the product 
            suggestions are recommended instead of the products 
    x location dropdown needed
    x search input by location exclude diacritics
    x Make sure all suggestions can be opened in new tab. Both search and location
    x check if Form selected brand matches category
    x Brand duplicates (e.g. Firma apple)
    - 404 if false search terms in url
    - Tolowercase the url to make sure its not case sensitive
    - make all the document selectors very specific 